Oh
embark on a bold new journey in rising
tide the upcoming expansion to
civilization beyond Earth rising tide
introduces new ways to explore colonize
and conquer as you shape a new vision
for Humanity on an alien planet the
remaining survivors of earth fell in a
vicious power struggle for the planet's
last remaining resources from this
turmoil new factions arose and took to
the stars in search of new worlds to
call their own one such faction is alpha
la led by the cunning arshia Kish alpha
la are a determined and self-reliant
people who plays community and
brotherhood as chief values of their
society and strive to uphold the honor
of those that came before them with new
factions come new technologies for the
first time in a civilization game you
now have the ability to expand your
Dominion to the Seas build floating
settlements harvest new resources and
command new units like patrol boats and
submarines as well as enhanced
amphibious versions of explorers and
colonists but expand cautiously as ocean
cities are more susceptible to attacks
from neighboring civilizations and sea
creatures alike deadly rivers and
Moqaddas lurk within the ocean depths
ready to strike while the monstrous
Hydra coral has the power to stop armies
in their tracks from the depths of the
vast oceans to the fiery peaks of
violent volcanoes rising tide is
breathing new life into the look and
feel of the world's you will call home
new primordial worlds of fire and ash
present new challenges for civilizations
that must work together to build their
home in an otherwise inhospitable land
though harsh these new worlds contain
valuable artifacts to uncover artifacts
can be collected in a variety of ways
and can now be used to provide unique
benefits depending on whether they are
opened individually or used in groups to
unlock greater rewards this was just a
glimpse into the ever-changing landscape
of rising tide in part 2 we'll explore
additional factions new approaches to
diplomacy and trade and more of the
exciting new worlds found in
civilization beyond Earth rising tide